The first thing I'm going to do is make sure that Kafka and Spark are running.
I'm going to type ps-ef, and sure enough,
I see two processes running Spark,
and I have several Java processes which tells me Kafka is up and running.
Now that I have my solution written,
let's go over that together.
The first thing I'm going to do is create a file handle for my test file.
I'm going to create a Spark session,
set my log level to one,
and then I'm going to read in the log data using the Spark session.
Now I'm going to filter my log data and
count the rows that have the letter D and the rows
that have the letter S. I'm going to put some markers in
that make it easier for me to see the data as I scrolls past,
and I'm going to show the actual line number counts.
Then I'm going do spark.stop,
which will actually quit the Spark application for me.
I have a script written that runs this and it's in my folder here called spark,
so its home workspace spark, like this.
Then if I ls,
I see a submit.
In this case, I'm actually going to run it just manually,
so I'm going to go like this,
data spark bin spark-submit,
home workspace spark, hellospark.py if you're using your script name.
Mine is called.solution.py.
Home workspace hellospark.solution.py,
and including all of the libraries and starting to Spark application.
When we see a blinking cursor, we know we're running.
There's my output, two lines with D and two lines with S.